---
layout: post
title:      "Why I chose software engineering"
date:       2020-04-05 01:21:15 -0400
permalink:  why_i_chose_software_engineering
---


Hello, my name is Malcom and I am from Brooklyn and yet raised in Haiti for 5 years since sent when i was 4 years old. I migrated back to the US when i was 9 with the blessing of retain humility and grace as i live in the US. Being raised on a country that is in extreeme need has helped me understand and relate to the needs of others when i started living back in the US; New York specifically speaking yet that was to an extent. I also faced challenges here in New York which i eventually lead me to Christ and i held on to my salvation ever since. Now as someone who is a Christian, it is expected to show humilty, respect, kindness, and give to others as well as a community. I LOVE  helping people and offer the best, not just the mediocre. I have been involved in a ministry for 9 years and another ministry (which is also a church) for almost 6 years. I love both ministries and how God has taken care of me through the prophets and members there and i would like to give back. Like i said, i want to give back not just enough but in the best way that would help others and a community to be efficient and in this case my church and also other organizations. 

Now i want to make this clear: is this the only reason i am willing to come to Flatiron to learn software engineering? no, not at all and i do want to make a career in the software engineering field. It's just to be frankly honest, my heart leans on towards to learn and acquire a skill and use it to benefit others so they can be blessed. I know when I sow by giving, I will reap it much more than I expected and it may not be from the same person or environment but i know i would reap a great harvest somewhere. Jesus said "Give and it shall be given to you", and i always keep His word in my heart, put it to practice and have actually seen it put to effect but that's another story right there. I want to build dynamic websites for the ministries i am involved in and i also want to do the same for other organizations that may be starting out small, and even start up companies. Meanwhile i also want (and will) work for big companies with high paying salaries.

I hope i did not scare you where as my honest intention here is to inform you my reasons to choose software engineer here in Flatiron School and be the best! Like many great things in life that rewards exceedingly well, i am aware there will be challenges and it will worth getting through the challenges and so far I am grateful that God has created a system here at Flatiron to help prepare us students of the challenges and I am thankful for everyone that helped formed a welcoming community that is openly support students and willing to help students. God bless you all!
